TCS First round -1
--------------------------
1.What is oops?
2.What is abstraction? 
3.Explain stale element exception
4.Explain frame and syntax
5.Explain your project and framework
6.Explain api
7.Explain static?
8.Scenario and Scenario outline uses
9.Use of background keyword?
10.different types of API? 
11.what is method overriding? How to achieve it in your project? 
12.tools for API automation testing?
13.how you will give story points?
14.how will you handle frame? 
15.what is fluent wait? 
16.Explain about Jenkins?
17.how to create a built in Jenkins?
18.Explain your framework?

TCS Second round -2
-----------------------------
1.Difference between product backlog and sprint backlog. 
2.How do we use Variable and class which is same in another class in java .
3.API postman tool extensions
4.How do we use code in API postman tool for taking results.
5.Oops concept .
6.Selenium latest software version .
7.Are you learning any new tool
8.Which tool are you using for raising bugs.

Cognizant:
-------------
1.Self introduction
2.Why did you leave your previous job?
3.Framework explanation
4.Swap two variable without using 3rd variable
5.Write a code for Palindrome
6.How to takesscreenshot?
7.What is chaining in rest assured?
8.What is an api header?
9.How you cover end to end api testing?
10.How to handle switch windows in selenium

Explain about your project and experience
Explain about your project stracture
Roles and Responsibilities
what framework using in your project explain it detail
Test data's where you maintain
oops concepts  where you  applied
what challenge you faced
are you in part of regression or script writing
Explain-Jenkins-Continuous integration
method overloading
reverse string
Xpath 
Testng order of execution

How you will be using the constructor in selenium
What are the locators that is available in selenium
Reverse the string
Api status code
What is the use of patch code in api
 What is the purpose of get in api
What  post method will do  in api
How you will handle the windows in selenium
Explain the step defination in cucumber
Write a code on selenium to launch the browser
Explain this keyword
 Have you done estimatation on your project
 On cucumber where you will store the xpath
On where you will be adding the dependencies in cucumber
Navigations in TestNG
How you will handle the dropdown in selenium
 Have you developed any frameworks

Explain about your project and experience
Explain about your project stracture
Roles and Responsibilities
what framework using in your project explain it detail
Test data's where you maintain
oops concepts  where you  applied
what challenge you faced
are you in part of regression or script writing
Explain-Jenkins-Continuous integration
method overloading
reverse string
Xpath 
Testng order of execution

1.Explain your frame work
2.Write a test case for one component that you had used in your project
3.How will you pass data to webelements 
4.Explain webelement methods
5.write the syntax for the extent report
6. How many locators that you had used in your project
7. Write a syntax for css selector
8. How will you get the background colour of the webelement
9. Explain the TestNG annotations
10.How will you run the runner class in cucumber
11.How will you handle alerts
12.How will you handle the dropdown

CTS L1 and L2 interview Questions:
-----------------------------------
1) different ways to open url 
2) different keywords under list and set
3) explain about framework 
4) Background 
5) dryrun
6) write xpath and tell about xpath types briefly 
7)write the code for going back current  browser to previous browser.
8)how will u handle windows handle
9) actions and methods
10) r u using take screenshot in ur project 
11)explain Maven tool  and pom xmal 
12)from dialog box ,you need to import the file how u will handle this
13) what's class and interface
14 what's js abstract class
15)Webtable 
16) Move to element 
17)cucumber frame work
17) int [] = [1,0,0,2,0,0,0,3]. Output [1,2,3,0,0,0]
18;how will u handle frames incide frames 
19) cucumber with data table 
20 ) using scenario outline how will you pass the data 
21) where will you pass the testdata .
22)will you pass test data in excel in  your project?
23)will you configure jenkins
24)for click how many ways u ll use in selenium
25) POM

Capgemini interview questions :
------------------------------
Tell about yourself 
Oops concept 
Palindrom program
Axes xpath in flipkart
Constant variable in java
Constructor, defaults constructor execution and usage in your project
explain POM
How to use excel data
Crossbrowser test in testng
Testng annotation with detail
Challenges in your project 
Gherkins in cucumber 
Example in feature file
Smoke regression performance testing
Execution of Environmental details
UAT testing
Agile methodology 
Run the particular test multiple times 
Explain jenkin pipeline

Capgemini Level 1 Hr# Tadepalli 
------------------------------
1.Tell about yourselves
2. Roles and Responsibilities
3. How will you write negative scenarios
4. what all the HTTP methods
5. how will you rate yourself in API	
6. full form of J-son
7. difference between post and put 
8. can we use POST method for Updates
9. how much will you rate yourself in selenium
10. how much will you rate yourself in selenium
11. using hashmap find the occurrence of the number 635666666666.66
12. String str= " hello hello world hello" what is the occurance of hello
13. Are you into api manual or api automation ? how long ?
14. any questions for me


HID Global Interview Questions:
-------------------------------
>>Java Question - "1am a C0dingF4n 0r Pr0gr4mm3r or S0ftw4r3 D3v3l0p3r"
1. Split the letters and number and print
2. Print the frequency of integer and letters
3. Sum the integer
4. Collection End to End questions
5. oops concept (Polymorphism and Inheritance)
6. Explain Primitive and non Primitive data types
>> Selenium Questions:
1. How will you handle different browser and what will you do if any one of browser is not working as expected
2. Diff between final, finally and finalize
3. What are the possible xpaths can be able to taken with the given WebElements "Given Page: Facebook Login page"
>> Frameworks:
1. What are the annotations you are handling in your projects?
2. Tell about assertions and usages in your frameworks?
3. Framework explanations
4. How you push the codes and what are the tools are using for it and explain the hierarchy 
5. How will you validate the project to be working good or not . What are all the steps you verified it meets the expectations?
>> Testing related questions:
1. Difference between severity and priority and explain with the real time scenarios?
2. Defect Managements?
3. What are all the steps you are following to triage bugs and how will you handle with developers team?
4. What are all the devices you are handling in your testing?
>> Appium related questions:
1. Types of applications?
2. Define Appium Architecture?
3. What are all not Possible to while handling devices with Appium and explain it why?
4. Explain the Appium frameworks with the keywords which is using in your testing cycles?
>> Intro Questions:-
1. Introduce yourself
2. Explain your projects and framework
3. Day to Day activities

CGI Interview Questions:- 45 Minutes
-----------------------
1. Tell me Yourself and projects 
2. Reverse string program
3. Oops concept - Full explanation 
4. Cucumber architecture and file structure 
5. Scenario writing for login page and explain it
6. TestNG annotation
7. Selenium version your are using

CTS round 1
------------
1.Tell about your self
2.Manual test cases which form they will send
3.write a Sorting program
4.diferernce between implicit wait and explicit wait
5.write syntax implicit wait and explicit wait
6.Without I'd,tag name,text,class name how will you locate that element
7.testng-you have a two @test which will be first run 
8.types of xpath
9.Types of locators

Accenture interview questions
-----------------------------
1.tell about urself
2.explain about project and framework used in project?why using cucumber ,why not testng?
3.how to passing data from excel?what are the steps to use excel in eclipse?
4.what are the criticalbugs u found in ur project ?
5. do u have any idea API testing and Appium tool?
6.what will u do if developer wont accept the bug and how will u manage this situation? 

Java

1.difference between == and .equals?
2.what is abstraction  and explain?
3.what is different between throw and throws?
4.String s="Selenium";

tell a logic for this output "Slnium"

Selenium

1.Which version of selenium you used  in ur project and what is different between older and new version?
2.how to handle windows in selenium?
3.write xpath syntax,how to handle dynamic webelement?
4.what are the disadvantages using selenium?
5.WebDriver Driver=new WebDriver();   

check the above syntax and tell whether correct or incorrect?

Mphasis
--------
L1 Virtual Discussion, 30 mins

1. Introduce about yourself and your project
2. What are the automation tools / technologies that you currently worked?
3. Java program to create an array and find the second maximum value from array.
4. Have you worked in API? How will you validate the API responses?
5. Have you worked in Database Testing?
6. Explain primary key and foreign key?
7. About inner join
8. Scenario: Consider the code in local is correct and when you try to upload and run using jenkins there is a error. What are the possible outcomes for the error?
9. About git usage in your current project.


TCS interview questions:
-----------------------

Round 1:

1.explain about ur project and framewrok?
2.where did u use constructor in ur project?
3.explain about oops concept?
4.how u handle pop up in selenium?
5.write code for string reverse?

Round 2:

1.explain about ur project and framewrok?
2.can we create object fr abstract class?if no, then how we can access methods from abstarct class?
3.we are searching webelemnnt in webpage but there is no such element then what is selenium exceptions for single webelement and multiple webelement?
4.how u handle windows in selenium?
5.how to find second largest number in array?

Round 3:

1.explain about ur project and framewrok?
2.can we create object fr abstract class?if no, then how we can access methods from abstarct class?
3.i want to run single test case multiple times in testng?how to do?
4.how to delete code in github? 
5.how to find duplicate number in array?
6.how to reverse number in java?

ComCost L1 and L2 rounds interview questions:
--------------------------------------------
1)How you will select the stories
2)explain epic and feature
3)explain CI and CD
4)Write testcase f creating password 
5)explain static 
6)Explain Git
7)explain Get method
8)difference beween post and put
9)How you will use the authendication in postman? 
10)Dependence on method
11)write end to end script for passing values in selenium
12)Reverse the string
13)Explain about project

Cognizant (Java Selenium) Interview Questions conducted on 15/02/25 (1Hour):
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Introduce yourself and current project handling
2. What is String Buffer and String Builder
3. Difference between Final, Finally and Finalize
4. What are the listeners in cucumber Framework
5. OOPS concept (Encapsulation and Inheritance)
6. Is two main class is possible? If yes or no. Why?
7. Difference between static block and Mail class (PSVM).. Which one will run first?
8. Feature file writing (Go to Flipkart, Login, Search Laptop, Click the Lenova Brand and Take the First one with name and Price)
9. What are Tags are available and where it is used in your framework?
10. How did you select the values which were the WebElement updated Dynamically?
11. Explain the concept Extent report creation?
12. Where did you use Group (Include and Exclude) - Exactly with real time scenarios in your framework?
13. Java Program - String is Anagram or not (Str 1 = Bored and Str 2 = Robed).

Company Name : DigiSME
-----------------------
Round : 1  Test case writing for a Payment done via scanner option(Given Time duration 5 Mins)

Round : 2 Definition and Scenario based Questions. 
(Depends upon candidate Answer Questions raised)
* Explain Sanity Testing
* Explain Regression Testing
* Tomorrow Product needs to be realized but one of our teammates found a few defects, what will you do? 
*Root Cause analysis and where you did in your project.
* Application needs to be released within hrs, As a manager I am telling you to do smoke testing , what is your approach to handle this?
* Explain Exhaustive testing.
* Explain Defect Management and what tool you have used so far?
* Explain Agile?
* Explain Projects done so far.
* Explain BVP and  Priority / Severity.
* What is deferred means?
* Worked on any Cloud platform.
* Explain SaaS project.
* Explain Nods and Pods in Azure. What is the use of it when it comes to Web application.
* Explain Test Bed
* Explain the environment which you have worked so far.
* Design is important if yes / no then why? 
* What is compatibility testing? Where did you used and most faced challenges.
* What is fragmentation?
* Explain Audit with your experience.

Round : 3 HR rounds ( General Discussion about the project, place, CTC discussion ).


CTS L1 and L2:
--------------
Tell abt ur self
Draw your Framework architecture and explain
Select class methods 
Select particular window from multiple windows
Two boxes present click the second box, xpath and js executor not working
How to pass data from excel
How to pass data from pdf
Which version selenium using in your project
Fullpage screenshot
Write a code to find a  previous element  and nxt element using Xpath axes
Explain feature file
Cucumber options
DryRun true false difference
Explain Restassured  framework
Explain Put get post patch 
How to generate token
How to validate response 
How to link automation screenshots in to jira tool
Git conflict
Can you write sql query 
Explain jenkins
What is webdriver
Write a program go to google search testing automation and click the link and find broken link and use implicit and explicit wait 
Have you work any other languages other than English
How many ways to remove special characters in a string

Amazon
------
1. Tell about yourself
2. Manual vs automation testing 
3. Prerequisites of automation testing 
4. I have a prime video app to check if it is opening and write manual test cases
5. How will you automate the above test cases
6. Locators
7. Functions of the driver explain. 
8. What is regression testing and why it is needed
9. What is selenium 
10. Scenario and test coverage
11. What is the test case
*Second round* 
All scenario based questions bro 
1. 50 test cases are there, how will you choose which test case to automate 
2. You said you configure jenkins , does it mean it is 100% CI
3. CI/CD, so once we configure to jenkins it do mean it is 100% CI/CD
4. What challenge you have faced in last project 
5. Did your company leave you abruptly. 
6. Completed graduation in 2012 have only 4.3 experience
7. Load vs stress testing 
8. Smoke vs sanity
9. Locators 
10. Different types of xpath
11. Syntax for absolute and relative xpath

Infosys level 2
---------------
Tell abt ur self
Both Project explanation 
Agile process
What is productivity 
Traceability matrix 
Can you do automation without manual testing
Why use n-1 approach 
Explain Estimation
Priority severity 
How will you confirm the complexity of story 
Achievement of the last two project

GSR-Interview questions-L2
---------------------------
1.how to round decimal without using any methods
2.static import
3.count the repeated character count
4.reverse the number
5.declare the 2d array and transpose the array
6.sprint refinement
7.you are in current sprint, you receive new build that time what test you prefere.
8.status codes
9.put,post methods 
10.header request and header response
11.Thirtparty API not available that time how you test
12.API-Testing-mocker 
13.Difference b/w Assert anf verify
14.cucumber options 
15.Project folder stracture
16.why constructor can't be override?reason?
17.without sendkeys how to pass values?syntax
18.getWindowHandles return type and syntax?
19.how to you raise bug?what are all the steps you follow?
20.what are all the interfaces using in your project
21.Explain Wait concept in java 
22.Explain checked and unchecked Exception 
23.In your project bug will find at production side ,how will you handle.

CTS L1 virtual:
===============
1. Tell me about yourself, previous projects and roles and responsibilities.
2. Tell me 5 Interface in Selenium
3. common exceptions you have faced in selenium
4. write an xpath syntax
5. how will you handle alert?
6. difference between / and //
7. write a java program to find the maximum salary of an individual

Infosys virtual
---------------
1.Tell about yourself
2.How many years experience in automation
3.are you work within jira what will do in jira
4.cucumber hook class
5.experience in testng 6.explain testng annotations
7.what methodology  you use in your project
8.explain agile methodologies 
9.write a swap the numbers with using variable and explain that
10.which client in your project
11.which kind application you will be work

Wipro interview questions :
--------------------------
1.Tell me about your self
2.Frame work explain
3.Reverse the string program
4.Testng annotation
5.Cumber scenarios, cumber annotations
6.Http methods in API
7.What are the dependency you know?
8.what is inheritance ?
9.what is scenario outline
10.How will you pass the value in has-map set?
11. How good are u in java - 4/5

Wipro level 1
-------------
1. Write a program/explain me the concept on how to remove duplicate in a long list of integers 
2. How will you replace a letter from a string 
3.  How to replace multiple letters from string using the same replace method 
4. How good are you in sql queries 
5. Say if we have 2 tables one in regression and other is in sdet and date is common in both the tables how you print all data excluding date (think and response with java perspective)
6. How you handle the scenario(5th question) if there is multiple table and each has lakh of datas
7. Difference between list and set

Wipro L1:
----------
How to integration testing perform in your project.what approach you used
2.explain your project and roles and responsibilities
3.in your project how to test regression testing,if any one monitor regression testing and where you check status.
4.which tool you using version control.and how it's run.local or cloud.
5.waits concepts
6.instead of using explicit wait and fluent wait,can we use for loop , can we give condition in this forloop
7.you need to scroll particular element and accept popup. You give some x and y axis values ,and you completed qa test and signoff done.but it's not working in UAT environment,they use different window size,they didn't get that popup, how to you handle this situation.
8.one table having 3 columns (name,product id,quantity).another table having 3 columns(item id,price,productname).
3rd table contains name and multiplication of product price and quantity.
Resultset  gives that 3rd table values. Write program for this.
9.what are all the object mappers used in your project.
10.Do we really need retrospective meeting.why
11.in that meeting did you receive comments like you need to improve anything from your scrum master .
12.what are all the components you handle in your project.
14.@after suit ,what you are mention


Infosys virtual interview
--------------------------
1) Tell me something about yourself.
2) What are your Role and Responsibilities in the current project?
3)How will you drag and drop in selenium?
4) What is the scenario outline?
5) What is the page factory Why do we use it?
6) What are the new features in Selenium 4?
7)cucumber hook class
8) What is fluent wait?
9) HTTP methods explain CRUD operations with example
10) JWT explains?
11) Different status codes and he asked me about 429
12) What do you mean by Bearer tokens


Infosys L2 round questions
--------------------------
Tell about Yourself
Cucumber framework explanation
Project explanation
Agile methodologies 
Fibonacci series code
Reverse the string code
Selenium webdriver methods
Selenium webelement methods
How will you import your framework in git
Work flow of jira and what it is used for

Trane technologies 
------------------
1. What are all the capabilities you will set for mobile automation write the codes
2. Did you use soap or rest assured 
3. What are all the http methods
4. What is 401 status code for 
5. Write a program to reverse words input : test program
output: program test 
6. What is interface

MSC technology interview questions
-----------------------------------
Explain implicit wait and explicit  wait
Exceptions that you have on explicit wait
Differentiate sanitiy testing and regression testing 
Explain the end to end testing
Write a code to find the smallest value in array
How will you handle the alerts
How will you confirm whether the alert is present 
As a QA how will you test the file upload options

QualityKiosk -Kochin (28/09/2025)
---------------------------------
1.	Introduce your self
2.	Do you work in cucumber framework? Please explain your framework?
3.	Where you execute your test in Cucumber?
4.	What are the things you have in your runner Class ?
5.	How to do fetch data from excel, explain with code?
6.	What is Scenario outline in Cucumber?
7.	Reverse the string using for loop?
8.	Have you work in Agile and explain the process?
9.	What is bug life cycle?
10.	Did you use git in your project and what is  git conflict?
11.	How to you resolve git conflict?
12.	What is Assert? Can we able to write automation without Assert?
13.	Explain difference between Implicity and Explicity waits?

Capgemini L1
------------
Tell about your self
Find the character count and duplicate characters in the string array
Go to amazon Take xpath for  mobile’s offer prize
Difference b/w abstract class and interface
Code for Window handlings
Framework explanation 
Difference between hook class and background 
Parallel and cross browser testing

Expleo 
-------
1. Tell me about your yourself,
2. Experience, framework 
3. How do you rate yourself in java 
4. Write a program to print in as below input= xperience, output=xp*ri*nc**
5. Write a java program input=AB12C3 output=ABC123
6. What is interface 
7. What is encapsulation 
8. How do you rate yourself in selenium
9. There is a page with multiple screens and I need to take screenshot of all pages and take screenshot concept will not work here 
10. What are the other ways to take screenshot in java do you know any methods 
11. Do you know testng
12. What all types of reports in testng
13. What all different types of reports can be generated 
14. Do you know api 
15. How do you rerun failed  testcase in api
16. How will you re run testcase in testng
17. Difference between throw and throws 
18. Static keyword
19. Difference between ("")  or (" ") while giving methods like split ??
20. Annotations and order of execution in testng


Tcs Interview Questions:-
-----------------------
1.Tell me about your?
2.How will you rate your self in selenium?
3.Write code to launch a browser?
4.What is webdriver and chromedriver?
5.What is class and interface?
6.What frame work your using in your project and explain it?
7.How will you rate your self in java?
8.Write a java program to fetch word from a sentence?
9.write a code for windowhandling?

Wipro Interview - First Round -F2F - 40 to 45 mins:
--------------------------------------------------
1. Introduce yourself 
2. Roles and Responsibilities 
3. What are the tools you are using for API Testing 
4. Explain the concept about Rest Assured 
5. How will you using the OOPS concept in your framework. Explain it individually each one
6. How will you generate report in your testing 
7. Are you involved in scrum and sprint meeting. What is your contribution in that meeting
8. When will conducting retrospective meeting 
9. How will you handle the drag and drop using selenium
10. Tell me the interfaces you are using and explain it with real time scenarios with your project 
11. How many projects you are handling so far 
12. Explain about the agile methodologies in your project 
13. What are the tools you are using test case creation and defect management 
14. Java program string = Interview for Java and Selenium (Reverse each word in the given string without changing the caps and small letters) Eg: Interview= wievrenI

Capgemini L1 face to face interview(programing)
---------------------------------------------
1. Input= giggling remove duplicate and print unique value alone 
2. Input = make the future you want 
Count the word greater than 5 and reverse only that output: make the erutuf you want
3. Print min and Max value in array




Capgemini virtual
-----------------
1. Tell about yourself
2. Explain oops concept 
3. Explain implicit wait and explicit wait
4. Difference between list and array
5. Reverse the string
6. Http methods
7. Explain about your frame work 
8. What is method overload and method override
9. Explain https codes
10. Cucumber components 
11. Where parallel test we run.
12. We have six tabs open and in one tab your name appear ...write a code for to find a name in selenium 
13. Go to Amazon...you entered the watch section find all the links appear
14. Explain your project.

Capgemini 
---------
Programs - character occurrence
1. Windows handling 
2. Http methods
3. Xpath
4. How will you validate the given xpath is correct or not
5. Alert 
6. How will you handle status codes
7. Program - Anagram, palindrome 
8. Duplicate removal program
9. Staleelement exception
10. Roles and responsibilities
11.how will you validate the xpath

Infosys L1
----------
Program -  revese the string " My name is ABCD"
1. how will you take screenshot and write the code 
2. How will you handle dropdowns
3. Xpath 
4. Project explanation
5. Relative xpath and absolute xpath
(More questions about the project)

Capgemini interview questions 
-----------------------------
1.Explain your frame work
2.agile methodologies
3.Day to Day activities
4.How many regression suite case you will run
5.How long you will run the regression suite
6. Character occurence code
7. String="chennai" Write a code to  replace the vowels with *
8. Write a code to scroll the web page
9.  Locators in selenium
10. Explain the types of Xpath
11. How will you handle the webtable
12. HttpMethods
13. Status codes
14. How will you validate the response in rest assured

CTS L1 and L2 interview 
-----------------------
1Explain waits concepts
2)explain testng reports
3)Explain frames handling in ur project
4)Explain webtable comcept in ur project
5)Use scanner and collection and get unique values and print this
6)Write a program for reverse string with palindrome 
7) write a syntax for window handles 
8)without using drag and drop how u ll swap the values
9)write the 
Syntex for select class
10)write a program for getting maximum and minimum values
11)chaining concept
12)what will u use under abstract  and interface ,which is best
13)if I select u in my team wt is ur first approach
14) have u extend and work in the project 
15)Maven sure fire plugin used for?
16) CI CD?
17)difference between set and map
18) testng annotations
19)Iretry analyser used for?
20)selenium 3 and 4 difference?
21) how many times
 U will do regression per year 
22)In regression how many test cases  u will run and how long it will take to run using jenkins on daily basis

Hexaware L1 interview questions
-------------------------------
1. How to handle dynamic element which is changing for each page?
2. How to handle multiple browser in selenium?
3. Write code for take screenshot?
4. Tell about yourself?
5. What is string builder and string buffer?

Capgemini L1 virtual , interviewer Lavanya 
------------------------------------------
1. Tell me about yourself, years of experience,your framework 
2. What is interface 
3. What is abstraction 
4. How is the interface different from abstraction 
5. If there are 3 windows, suppose I have to go to the 3rd window and do a click or pass input how to do? 
6. Go to w3s website , go to start learning css  write a xpath to start learning css now , one of one 
 7. Using that xpath locate the previous element 
8. Write a program to maximum salary in a array  
Input int[] salary={20,40,50,10,31}
 9. What all exceptions you have faced in projects how did you handle it 
10. What is Nostaleexception ?
11. Difference between error and exception 
12. Why do we need runner class in cucumber is it really necessary 
13. What is status code 204 
14. Scenario and scenario outlines difference 
15. If I have 20 tests with smoke, 10 with regression and 20 with adoc 
    15.1) how will you run all these test 
    15.2) if I want any test to run first how will you run it 
    15.3) if there is no priority how test will run 

16. What does delete does in http methods 
17. Put and patch difference 
18. Str=Capgemini, 
18.1 what method will you use to get index of 3, 
18.2 if I want to get index of 9 what will happen 
18.3 what method will you use for checking length
18.4 if I'm checking if letter 'k' is present in the string or not what will happen , will it throw error , exception or what will you get ?

IBM interview  questions
------------------------
Tell about your self
Api status code
Write a Bdd feature  file for train booking scenario
Tell Testng annotations and explain
Roles and responsibilities 
Tell about sprint retrospective 
What doing in sprnit planning
How do pass data excelsheet what method we use
Explain the bug cycle or defect cycle
Explain your project
Any bug in your project what you do

HID Global Interview Questions:
--------------------------------
>>Java Question - "1am a C0dingF4n 0r Pr0gr4mm3r or S0ftw4r3 D3v3l0p3r"
1. Split the letters and number and print
2. Print the frequency of integer and letters
3. Sum the integer
4. Collection End to End questions
5. oops concept (Polymorphism and Inheritance)
6. Explain Primitive and non Primitive data types
>> Selenium Questions:
1. How will you handle different browser and what will you do if any one of browser is not working as expected
2. Diff between final, finally and finalize
3. What are the possible xpaths can be able to taken with the given WebElements "Given Page: Facebook Login page"
>> Frameworks:
1. What are the annotations you are handling in your projects?
2. Tell about assertions and usages in your frameworks?
3. Framework explanations
4. How you push the codes and what are the tools are using for it and explain the hierarchy 
5. How will you validate the project to be working good or not . What are all the steps you verified it meets the expectations?
>> Testing related questions:
1. Difference between severity and priority and explain with the real time scenarios?
2. Defect Managements?
3. What are all the steps you are following to triage bugs and how will you handle with developers team?
4. What are all the devices you are handling in your testing?
>> Appium related questions:
1. Types of applications?
2. Define Appium Architecture?
3. What are all not Possible to while handling devices with Appium and explain it why?
4. Explain the Appium frameworks with the keywords which is using in your testing cycles?
>> Intro Questions:-
1. Introduce yourself
2. Explain your projects and framework
3. Day to Day activities

HID Level 2 - 1 hour 20 mins - Virtual
---------------------------------------
1. Introduce yourself with your current projects 
2. Java code strings and char Duplicates
3. How to handle multiple browser
4. What is constructor
5. What is collections
6. Difference between List and Set
7. What is break and continue in Java
8. What are types of string 
9. Whats is overload and Override with example 
10. Explain wrapper class
11. Name few methods you are using for string and collection 
12. Explain Appium Architecture 
13. What are the pre requisite before starting the device automation 
14. What are types of applications 
15. What are the challenges you are facing in Appium testing
16. What are the limitations in appium
17. How to handle the drop-down in appium 
18. How to handle Touch actions in appium
19. How will you handle drop-down in appium
20. What is find element and elements differentiate it
21. Which syntax you are using for scroll up and scroll down in mobile testing
22. What are version you are testing currently in android and iOS
23. Explain the cucumber framework 
24. What are the TestNG annotation 
25. How will you test the automation for different browser parallely
26. How will you find element in appium testing 
27. What is most fastest locators in appium 
28. List out not possible scenarios while performing device automation

Capgemini Interview Questions- First Round - F2F - Virtual- 35 mins
1. Explain yourself 
2. What are the OOPS concept you are using in your project 
3. Polymorphism (Overload and Override)
4. Collection and it types explanation 
5. What is the output for given program 
class Parent{
void show(){
system.out.println("parent method");
}
}
class Child extends Parent{
private void show(){
system.out.println("child method");
}
}
public class Main{
public static void main(String[]args){
Parent obj= new Child();
obj.show();
}
6. Explain the cucumber framework 
7. Whats is scenario, scenario outline and Background Keywords 
8. What are the types of waits and explain where it is used 
9. Difference between the severity and priority 
10. Difference between string buffer and string builder
11. Explain your latest project ownership 
12. Java program - Reverse string

L1 in Infosys(virtual) one of the interviewer Asha
-------------------------------------------------
1. Tell me about yourself , Roles and Responsibilities and overall experience
2. go to google.com and in search box type "infosys technologies" out of  the options everytime we need to choose Nth option, write a code for this 
3. what is super keyword in java
4. what is inheritance
5. what is getters and setters in java
6. what are all the exceptions you have faced in your project
7. what are collections in java
8. what is the difference between List and ArrayList?
9. how to handle no stale element exception
10. what do we use pom.xml
11. why should we give dependencies , what does it do
12. what is action class
13. suppose if i have 2 tabs, and i have to go to second tab and do actions , how to do it ?
14. how do you handle multiple windows, write code for it and explain
15. you said you worked in ajile methodologies, what is velocity
16. how many manual testcases you write in a week
17. how many testcases you will automate 
18. what is the industry standard for test cases and its automation ?

Expleo interview questions
---------------------------
1.Cucumber framework explanation
2.Day to day activities
3.Agile methodologies
4.How will you run the failed testcases in cucumber
5.Regression testing
6.scenario  : you have a some missing information in recquirement you got only the heading and basic information but you didn't get the exact recquirement what you will do
7. Developer is not accepting the issue has a  bug that you had raised what you will do
8. You are not able to complete within the sprint what you will do
9.on TestNG how will you handle the failed test cases
10. Who will be conducting the sprint plan meeting what you will do on the meeting
11. When you will run your automation scripts
12. How will handle the dynamic webelement
13. There are 7 submit button  are available on the webpage. So what I want to click on the 7the click button what I want to do on this
14. What I need to do to scroll the webpage
15. Explain the POM
16. In your project where you had applied the OOP's Concept in java
17. Write the code to find the highest value in the array
18. The testcases that we had written for manual testing and the testcases that we write  on feature file will they both will show  duplicate
19. How will you confirm the checkbox is selected  or not in the webpage
20. Explain the HTTP methods in API and status codes
21. How will you validate the response in rest assured


Expleo interview questions
----------------------------
Tell me about yourself
Reusability and maintainability in agile 
Exception types 
How handle exception
Selenium exceptions
How will you handle this
Getters and setters How  do use 
Explain Functional testing and functional testing 
 explain Window handles 
explain How to handle mouse hover in selenium
Explain wait concept and types
Explain  types of xpath 
Explain cucumber framework
Reverse  the string program
Input=test automation
Output=automation test write the program
What is mobile testing
Which tool you use mobile testing
Explain agile methodology 
What is scrum ceremonies 
Can you parallam test in Selenium script it is possible And how to test
Explain pom
Why you pom in your project
What data driven
What is the purpose of reusable class

Hexaware L1 Question:
--------------------
1. Cucumber  Farmwork Explanation 
2. How will you generate the report and how will you handle the failure test case
3. How will you confirm page got loaded fully & how will you confirm where all the elements are loaded (more than 1000 elements)
4. Where you find the response in jenkins
5. Reverse the " Java Selenium" ( each letter reverse)
6.Project explanation

Expleo level 2:
---------------
Explain your resume or cv
Take a Google page and take the xpath for search box 
Go to the amazon.in and search mobiles take the first mobile option take the xpath of it
And take that page how many mobiles count on that page 
That page highlight the mobile colour how to take that colour what method you use
Explain the wait concept in the selenium
Types of explicit wait write the syntax for that
Write the duplicate removal program 
Types of xpath
Which locator is effective
Which xpath will be more efficient

Amazon level 1:
----------------
1.What are the status you will see in jira
2.Name some bug resolution that you see
3. How will you perform the click the action in selenium
4. How will you write the manual test case and automation
5. Agile methadoligies
6. Who will give you the recquirement
7. Locators in selenium 
8. Xpath axes
9. Java code Reverse the string 
10. Webdriver and webelement methods
Amazon Level 2:
---------------
1.project explanation 
2.palindrome java code
3.selenium locators
4. Explain Test cases
5.why we need a components
6.write the syntax for the axes xpath
7.Scenario and scenario outline
8.cucumber framework Explanation
9.what are the steps you will follow to automate

Wipro level 1
-------------- 
coding Test

1)Write a program for Word occurance 
2)  remove duplicates using arrays functions

Level 2
1) write a feature file for login page validation 
2) write the step definition 
3) difference between strict and dry run
4) difference between scenario and  scenario outline 
5)data table concept in cucumber framework
6) a (1,2,3,a,b,c)
  Remove (a b c) and sum (1 2 3) this numbers
7)Write syntex for  handling the dropdowns 
8) how will you do mouse operations and write a syntex 
9) Web table 
10) oops concepts in real project
11) difference between interface and abstract
12) what are the jnfaces used in the project
13) final and finally -explain
14)rest assured explain
15) how you will validate the status code write the code

ICU Medicals L1 Questions:
-------------------------
Programs- Palindrome, factorial, Fibonacci, Character occurrence 

1.Xpath
2.Method override and overload in your project 
3.wait (write and explain)
4.Frames (all the scenarios)
5.Testng (priority, include, exclude)
4.Cucumber ( full explanation maximum keywords are covered .. why we are using Cucumber BDD )
5.regression testing vs retest
6.Integration testing 
7.end to end testing 
8.why test cases will get fail give some examples 
9.In depth about project 
10. verified some personal details
One line answers are not accepted .The panel is expecting to explain with example as well as were will use the specific concept in our project.

Expleo L1
----------
1.Introduce yourself 
2.Explain your project in detail
3.Regression testing vs sanity
4.what you will do in a splint 
5.java program - 100/8 need to print all the dividend of 8 in the console.
6.Selenium - how will you handle windows, alert, get, navigate,wait concept 
7.complete explanation of cucumber framework 
8.more about previous project 
9.making domain question ( how will you validate the range of age limit and how will you validate the account balance)
10. Basic about sql

L & T
--------------------------------
1.If you are given an angular application create a framework?
2.Code in selenium grid for parallel execution ?
3.How to run chrome in headless mode in selenium-java?
4.Boundary Value Analysis (BVA)?
5.Difference between Oracle n Sql?
6. SQL command to get common in two tables?
7.What is Structure in SQL?
8.What will you do if you detect a defect?
9.Bug life Cycle?
10.What is Constructor?
11.What is interface and keyword used?
12.What is Inheritance and keyword used?
13.How is Inheritance used in your selenium project?
14.What does 302 Status code stands for?
15.What is deferred bug?

Company Name : Zopsmart
Mode of Interview : Virtual
Questions:
-----------
1.Difference between smoke and Integration Test
2.How Often will you do smoke test in your project
3.Drawbacks of Manual Testing
4.Difference between priority and severity
5.What is Testcases,TestPlan,Scenario
6.All OOps Concept
7.How to create an object for abstract class
8.can we create an object for interface
9.Why String is immutable
10.methods used to compare string and their differences
11.Program to find second largest number in an array
12.RestAssured code to validate the response(List of all Users) of Get Request
13.qn about agile

Wipro 
------
1)Explain STLC and SDLC
2)Explain about regression and how you pick the testcases and tell the example for this
3)Tell me selenium Architecture
?
4)What is a complex test plan?
5)what is Automation testing and what is the advantage for using automation testing?
6)What is the improvement in your project?

Cognizant Level 1
-----------------
1) program for descending order
2) program for position
3)program for vowels count 
4)difference between interface and abstract
5)overload and override
6)write a code for takescreenshots
7)how to handle frames
8)difference between out and post
9)explain code for errors  which you are facing in Api
10) 200 and 201 explain
11)command line in Maven
12 )explain super keyword
13)explain static and final keyword
14)encapsulation
15) Child extends parent

Parent obj = new child();
Child obj= new parent():
Which which obj creation is correct for over riding above class

Congnizant Level 2 
--------------------
1) take xpath
2) explain get text and get the attribute
3) explain data driven framework
4) CI CD pipeline
5) for new application and defect retest,how you handle the testcases?
6) program for 2nd maximum

Cloud revel innovation  level1
-------------------------------
Introduce yourself
Explain cucumbeframework 
Scenario  and scenario  outline
Background in cucumber
Explain oops concept 
What is interface and abstract
Explain collections
What is constructor 
What is parameter constructor 
All the concepts question about selenium (take screenshot,alert,window handles,frames,Action class,wait,every selenium)
Difference  between   retest and regression  test
Explain git and jenkins
Scenario  based:
I am your TL I give you a user story what do you another step
Are what kind documents  ready before and after manual and Automation documents
After QA sign-off find a bug by production team what will you do
Before QA sign-off  you find a bug last sprint of the day what will you do
What is conflict in Git

Infosys - Virtual mode - interviewer Rajiv
----------------------
1. Self Introduction
2. Project - role
3. Java version, Selenium version
4. write Take Screenshot
5. what are the exception you have faced and how will you handle-  explain it?
6. Explain Our Framework? BBD -Explain
7. what is WebElement?
8. what is NoStale element exception and how will you handle it?
9. what is broken link?
10. Explain n-1 approach?
11. Difference between stateful and stateless?
12. How comfortable are you with different Stack?
13. Status code for Gateway Timeout and Request Timeout?
14. digest auth?
15. how will you get bearer token?
16. Security Testing?

Qapitol QA Interview Questions:
-------------------------------
What is chaining in API Testing ?
Can we create an Object for an abstract class?
What is the interface?
What is the path and query param?
Write a program the find count of palindrome strings in the given string and print the highest length palindrome.And also occurrence of each character count in that palindrome strings.

Amazon 1st Round 
----------------
1.Tell About your Self?
2.Explain Ploymorphism Concept?
3.Explain Inheritance Concept and Where do use in your project?
4.Explain your Project?
5.Input = Same give output as Saammmeeee using java program?
6.Where Java Store the memory?
7.Can we declear a pointee in class?
8.Where do you see word transee in java?
9.Where does the deletion process take place in java?
10.Difference between Method Overloading and Overriding and Explain it?

Amazon 2nd Round
------------------

1.Write Feature File
2.Explain your project and what difficult you faced in it
3.Swap 2variable without using functionality
4.Reverse the String
5.Do have knowledge Mobile Appium

Intech hud Virtual Interview:-
-----------------------------
1.Tell About Your Self 
2.Difference Manual testcase and Test Scenario 
3.What is Entry and Exit Criteria in testing 
4.Difference between Functional and non functional testing
5.Write Testcase for facebook login page
6.Explain OOPS concept in java
7.Explain Abstraction
8.What are the annotations in TestNG

Tech Mahindra level 1 interview 
-------------------------------
1) tell about yourself 
2) framework structure 
3)final and finally
4)interface and abstract
5) write a query for second maximum 
6) did u use offset method
7lwhat is rest assured
8) what isnthe code for forbidden
9) post status code 
10)how vl u maintain the testdata
11) collection and types explain 
12)oops concept with framework 
13) what is defect tracking tool u r using 
14)explain cucumber reports

Capgemini assessment round interview questions:
-----------------------------------------------

Selenium:

1. What is a hook in Cucumber?
- A piece of code that runs before or after a scenario or feature
- A file that contains the test scenarios for a particular feature
- A file that contains the requirements for a particular feature
- A file that contains the test results for a particular feature

2. Which two commands you use to validate a button?
- VerifyTextPresent and assertTextPresent
- VerifyElementPresent and assertElementPresent
- VerifyAlertPresent and assertAlertPresent
- VerifyAlert and assertAlert

3. Firefox specific settings like: 'addPreference', 'setBinary' can be managed by using the class
- FirefoxProfile
- FirefoxDriver
- FirefoxOptions
- None of the above

4. Which of the following WebDriver is used for Headless browser testing?
- HeadLessDriver
- HtmlUnitWebDriver
- FireFoxDriver
- ChromeDriver

5. How can you run only a specific subset of scenarios in a Cucumber test suite?
- By using the @Subset annotation
- By using tags and specifying them in the Cucumber options
- By placing them in a separate feature file
- By using the @Scenario annotation

JAVA:

1. Evaluate the following Java expression, if x=3, y=5, and z=10:

++2 + y - y* z + z++

- 25
- 28
- 20
- 24

2. Predict the output of following Java program:
java
public class Test2 {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        StringBuffer s1 = new StringBuffer("Complete");
        s1.setCharAt(1,'i');
        s1.setCharAt(7,'d');
        System.out.println(s1);
    }
}

- Complete
- Iomplete
- Coipleted
- Cimpletd

3. Which option is false about the final keyword?
- A final method cannot be overridden in its subclasses.
- A final class cannot be extended.
- A final class cannot extend other classes.
- A final method can be inherited.

4. Predict the output of following Java program:
java
class Output {
    public static void main(String args[]) {
        int arr[] = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5};
        for (int i = 0; i < arr.length - 2; ++i)
            System.out.print(arr[i] + " ");
    }
}

- 1 2 3 4 5
- 1 2 3
- 1 2
- 1 2 3 4

5. Which of the following is a valid syntax to synchronize the HashMap?
- Map m = hashMap.synchronizeMap();
- HashMap map = hashMap.synchronizeMap();
- Map m1 = Collections.synchronizedMap(hashMap);
- Map m2 = Collection.synchronizeMap(hashMap);

Lt Mindtree level 1 interview questions :
----------------------------------------

1)Write a code for post requesting for sending body and header
2)Write a code to get  request for a validating response using the json path
3)Write a code for validating response using extract 
4)File upload in Api
5)what is glue 
6) Background 
7)datatable in cucumber 
8)seprate the String and Integer
9) selenium 4th version of above below 
10) Do you have teamlead experience 
11)exceptions in java and selenium
12) what exceptions do you face in your project
13)what is stale element reference exception


Capgemini interview questions:
---------------------------
Framework used in API 
Explain pom 
WebDriver driver equal =new web driver();
Explain Abstraction OOPSconcept?
Explain put patch 
Collection Vs collections 
Garbage collection 
Priority Severity? With example 
Difference between equal to dot equal to operator? 
String reversal program 
SQL query for to find second largest salary? 
Element click intercepted exception 
Expalin BDD framework

Capgemini 1st Round Interview Questions:
-----------------------------------------
1.self introduction
2. Cucumber framework
3. static method and how to call in another class
4.interface
5.final keyword
6. have you integrate Jenkins in your project
7.git commands for code push and code pull
8. what getWindowhandles method will return?
9.what is query parameter and path parameter?
10.how will you call global variable in API?
11.http methods?
12.Coding:
int a=123454644;
int b=4;  occurrence of b in a , count and index number.
13.TakeScreenshot method
14.how will you take the screenshot for failed test cases alone in cucumber framework
15.how will you take the screenshot for full page.
16.git conflict


Kumaran Systems
---------------
1.Roles and Responsibilities
2.cucmber framework
3.TestNg annotation
4.amazon xpath for simcards in mobile(not use directly text method)
5.Java program:Reverse the string
6.Any Java program using hashmap
7.SQL Left join 
8.In a table fetch only headers using SQL query.9. API Http codes.
10. xpath methods
11.StringBuilder and StringBuffer


Valuelabs Interview Questions : SDET 4.5 to 6 years 
------------------------------------------------
1. Please introduce yourself.
2. Please explain your Automation Framework, all the components.
3. What is a Page Object Model?
4. How do you run your test cases in parallel in Cucumber?
5. Explain the contents of the Runner File in Cucumber?
6. What is a Singleton Design Pattern?
7. What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Page Object Model?
8. What is Selenium Grid?
9. Explain the WebDriver create statement line?
11. Explain the Maven Lifecycle?
12. How do you run the failed test cases?
13. How do you generate Reports in Selenium?
14. How do you customise reports after your test execution?
15. What kind of waits are there in Selenium?
16. Write the Code Snippet for Explicit Wait?
17. Write the Code Snippet for Drag and Drop in Selenium?
18. How do you switch to different Windows in Selenium?
19. Why do we use SET in Window Handles?
20. Write the Code for taking screenshot in Selenium?
21. What is the difference between Scenario and Scenario Outline in Cucumber?
22. How do you pass data to your Selenium Scripts?
23. How do you decide the priorities of your Test Cases?
24. If you want to execute one test case again and again how do you do that?
25. What are the different annotations used in TestNG?
26. Write the hierarchy of annotations in TestNG?
27. What is the defect life cycle?
28. What is the difference between Agile and Waterfall Model?
29. What is the difference between 201 and 204 Status Code?
30. What is the difference between 401 and 403 Status Code?
31. What are the components of an API Request?
32. What is the difference between Query Parameters and Path Parameters?
33. How do you resolve Conflicts in Git?
34. What is the difference between git pull and git patch?
35. Explain the use of Jenkins in the Automation Framework?

vaibhav laddha: Nagarro Interview Questions 
-------------------------------------------

1. Tell me about yourself.
2. Write a program to make the initial letter in upper case and the rest in lower case for the given String "my name is ram" to "My Name Is Ram"?
3. How do you estimate your automation task?
4. What is the use of the testing.xml file?
5. How can you run your test case in parallel?
6. What is Authentication and Authorization?
7. If the user is authenticated but not authorized, what status code will you get?
8. What are the RequestSpecification and ValidatableResponse?
[03/06, 07:13] vaibhav laddha: EY Automation Testing Interview Questions
1) Can you briefly introduce yourself?
2) Could you describe your previous projects, including your roles and responsibilities?
3) Can you explain Exception Handling in Java?
4) What is the difference between an Abstract Class and an Interface in Java?
5) How do Method Overloading and Method Overriding differ in Java?
6) What is an Abstract Class and an Abstract Method?
7) What factors should be considered when selecting an automation tool?
8) What are the key benefits of Automation Testing over Manual Testing?
9) What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Automation Frameworks?
10) What is the Action class in Selenium, and could you mention a few of its methods?
11) Can you explain the concept of Constructors in Java?
12) How would you define the Severity and Priority of a Bug?
13) Could you provide an example of a High Priority but Low Severity Bug?
14) What does the super() keyword do in Java?
15) Could you write a Java code snippet for handling a child window, performing operations, and switching back to the parent window?
16) Could you explain the difference between getWindowHandle() and getWindowHandles() in Selenium?
17) What does the following statement mean: WebDriver driver = new FirefoxDriver();?
18) Can you explain the difference between throw and throws in Java?
19) What does the term "Velocity" refer to in Agile Testing?
20) What is the purpose of the static keyword in Java.

Accion Lab Interview Questions:
------------------------------
Fibanocci Codings
Array Ratational Codings
Find Xpath in Flipkat--> HeadPhones
POM Data Folder Structure
agile

UST Interview Questions :
------------------------

Tell About the Process U have Done Using Frameworks In TestNg And Cucumber
Dropdown in your project what u do?
What are the sprints you have worked
Where u use dynamic allocation
Find Xpath



LTI MindTree Interview Questions :
----------------------------------

tell about your self
What is Inheritance
Brief about encapsulation
Previous project Details
print frequent A
Find Xpath


Infosys Interview Questions:
---------------------------

Tell about your Self
Tell about your projects
What are the challenges you have faced 
Infosys: Print the Infosys but skip "o"
Find Xpath
Boundary Values in Selenium
how do you confirm the current url is the right one
What is assert and where we can use?